empty lines inside statement (#312)
SAP/styleguides: clean-abap/CleanABAP.md

ENDMETHOD.
```

> This is also the case within a statment, as this can easily be seen as a new statement when looking through the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is also the case within a statement, as this can easily be misunderstood as a new statement when skimming through the code.
```
-> typo fix and more clarity(?)
